.TH "KKTERMINALQT" "1" "May 2026" "K. D. Hedger" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
.br
KKTerminalQT - manual page for KKTerminalQT
.br
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
\fBkkterminalqt\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br
.SH OPTIONS
.br
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
       Displays help on commandline options.

.br
\fB--help-all\fR
       Displays help, including generic Qt options.

.br
\fB-v\fR, \fB--version\fR
       Displays version information.

.br
\fB-k\fR, \fB--key\fR <KeyID>
       Force key ID.

.br
\fB-m\fR, \fB--multi\fR
       Force multiple instance.

.br
\fB-q\fR, \fB--quit\fR
       Quit app.

.br
\fB-n\fR, \fB--new-tab\fR <ARG>
       New tab in ARG.

.br
\fB-t\fR, \fB--tab\fR
       New tab in PWD.

.br
\fB-c\fR, \fB--command\fR <ARG>
       Execute ARG in new tab.
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
Snippets file is at ˜/.config/kkterminalqt.snippits
.br
One command per line as you would type it into the terminal.
.br
eg: ( cd /usr/share/icons;xdg-open .;ls )
.br
File can be edited manually ( use Snippets->Reload snippits file to reload snippet file after editing ).
.br
Add the current clipboard to the file and reload automatically ( use Snippets->Add clipboard to snippets ).
.br
Add the current selection to the file and reload automatically ( use Snippets->Add Selection to snippets ).
.br
If you hold down 'SHIFT' key when selecting from Snippits menu no newline is sent but a space is added at the end of the snippit text allowing for params to be entered.
.br
.SH AUTHORS
.br
K. D. Hedger.

.br
Source:
.br
https://github.com/KeithDHedger/KKTerminalQT
.br
Contact details:
.br
https://keithdhedger.github.io
.br
keithdhedger@gmail.com
.br
.SH COPYRIGHT
.br
KKTerminalQT is free software.
.br
You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.